+++
title = "Assessing Mobile Participation: A case Study of iCitizen, Buycott and USHAHIDI"
date = 2016-09-05T00:00:00
draft = false

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Charly Bunar", "Tupokigwe Isagah"]`.
authors = ["C Bunar", "T. Isagah"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference paper
# 2 = Journal article
# 3 = Manuscript
# 4 = Report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book section
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In * IFIP WG 8.5 International Conference on Electronic Governemnt (EGOV)*."
publication_short = "In *EGOV*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "The ubiquity of mobile devices has led to the provisioning of mobile e-administration services in many countries and it possesses the potential to introduce new practices of e-participation specifically. Applying case study methodology, this paper identifies iCitizen, Buycott and USHAHIDI as practical examples for m-participation offers and compares them in regards to features, influence in the policy cycle, and usability. The lessons learnt highlight that m-participation should be a part of a wider strategy that includes offline and other media channels, that it utilises mobile features such as location-based services and Social Media integration to enhance efficacy of participation, and to make the offer focused on the user experience rather than a singular topic."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
#image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
#projects = []

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
#tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://books.google.de/books?hl=en&lr=&id=VvboDAAAQBAJ&oi=fnd&pg=PA3&dq=tupokigwe+isagah&ots=dskvbOSRUt&sig=IoJPmDGqNv_Vajnl-lbOY-YJzZ0#v=onepage&q=tupokigwe%20isagah&f=false"
#url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.

# Digital Object Identifier (DOI)
#doi = ""

# Does this page contain LaTeX math? (true/false)
math = false

# Does this page require source code highlighting? (true/false)
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
#[header]
#image = "headers/bubbles-wide.jpg"
#caption = "My caption :smile:"

+++

