+++
title = "Recommendations for M-Government Implementation in Developing Countries: Lessons Learned from the Practitioners "
date = 2019-09-05T00:00:00
draft = false

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Charly Bunar", "Tupokigwe Isagah"]`.
authors = ["T. Isagah", "M. Wimmer"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference paper
# 2 = Journal article
# 3 = Manuscript
# 4 = Report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book section
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In * In International Conference on Social Implications of Computers in Developing Countries*."
publication_short = "In *ICT4D*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Researchers argue the potential of mobile technologies to bridge challenges of e-government in developing countries. Despite the demand, research on the design and implementation of m-government is still scarce. The current literature hardly provides comprehensive recommendations for implementing such services in developing countries. This paper aims to bridge the gap by examining the challenges of m-government services from the m-government practitioners of developing countries. Also, it explores the solutions applied by the practitioners to address the challenges. To achieve these goals, online questionnaire and interviews techniques were used to collect data. MAXQDA tool was used to analyze raw data, and we applied the PESTELMO method to categorize the challenges. Results show that designers are facing problems related to requirement engineering, stakeholder management, budget allocation and technology standards. We provide recommendations to improve m-government designs in the future to ensure accessibility and sustainability of services. The recommendations are applicable to government organizations and practitioners of mobile public services."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
#image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
#projects = []

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
#tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://www.springerprofessional.de/en/recommendations-for-m-government-implementation-in-developing-co/16677714"
#url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.

# Digital Object Identifier (DOI)
#doi = ""

# Does this page contain LaTeX math? (true/false)
math = false

# Does this page require source code highlighting? (true/false)
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
#[header]
#image = "headers/bubbles-wide.jpg"
#caption = "My caption :smile:"

+++

